Addin basic example (#890)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus-cli/version.md

                             are Default or Json
```

## Basic example

> This example will display the version of the Octopus CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example displays the version of the Octopus CLI:
```
